.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Dru Lavigne <dru@freebsd.org>
.\"
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"
.Dd Dec 3, 2010
.Dt W996X 4
.Os FreeBSD
.Sh NAME
.Nm w996x
.Nd w996x webcamd driver for USB cameras
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
driver supports dual mode USB cameras based on the W9967 and W99678 chipsets. This is the GSPCA version of the driver.
.Pp
Devices using the
.Nm
driver become available to other applications once
.Xr webcamd 8
is loaded.
.Sh HARDWARE
The
.Nm
driver should work with the following USB cameras. The
.Xr usbconfig 8
command can be used to determine the VendorID:ProductID of a plugged in USB device.
.Pp
.Bl -column -compact ".Li 0fe9:d62" "DViCO FusionHDTV USB"
.It Em "VendorID:ProductID" Ta Em Device
.It			Aroma Digi Pen ADG-5000
.It			AverMedia AverTV USB
.It			Ezonics EZ-802 EZMega Cam
.It			Lebon LDC-035A
.It			OmniVision OV8610-EDE
.It			OPCOM Digi Pen
.It			Pretec Digi Pen-480
.It			Pretec Digi Pen-II
.El
.Pp
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr  au0828 4 ,
.Xr benq 4 ,
.Xr  bttv 4 ,
.Xr  conex 4 ,
.Xr  cpiax 4 ,
.Xr  cx23885 4 ,
.Xr  cx88 4 ,
.Xr  em28xx 4 ,
.Xr  et61x251 4 ,
.Xr  finepix 4 ,
.Xr  gl860 4 ,
.Xr  ibmcam 4 ,
.Xr  ivtv 4 ,
.Xr  jeilinj 4 ,
.Xr  m5602 4 ,
.Xr  mars 4 ,
.Xr  meye 4 ,
.Xr  mr97310a 4 ,
.Xr ov519 4 ,
.Xr ov534 4 ,
.Xr pacxxx 4 ,
.Xr pvrusb2 4 ,
.Xr pwc 4 ,
.Xr saa7134 4 ,
.Xr saa7164 4 ,
.Xr se401 4 ,
.Xr si470x 4 ,
.Xr sn9c102 4 ,
.Xr sn9c20x 4 ,
.Xr sonixj 4 ,
.Xr spca5xx 4 ,
.Xr sq905c 4 ,
.Xr stk014 4 ,
.Xr stv06xx 4 ,
.Xr sunplus 4 ,
.Xr t613 4 ,
.Xr tv8532 4 ,
.Xr usbvision 4 ,
.Xr uvc 4 ,
.Xr vc032x 4 ,
.Xr w9966 4 ,
.Xr zc0301 4 ,
.Xr zc3xx 4 ,
.Xr zoran 4 ,
.Xr zr364xx 4 ,
.Xr webcamd 8
.Sh AUTHORS
.An -nosplit
The original
.Nm
driver was written by 
.An Hans de Goede hdegoede@redhat.com
for the Video4Linux project. It was ported to the FreeBSD webcamd port by 
.An Hans Petter Selasky hselasky@freebsd.org .
This man page was written by 
.An Dru Lavigne dru@freebsd.org .
.Pp
